"query:Unread:unread = \"yes\""
"query:Unread Japanese:unread = \"yes\" and tags # \"Japanese\""
"query:Unread Software:unread = \"yes\" and tags # \"Software\""

# Blogs
https://hack.org/mc/blog/index.xml
https://medium.com/feed/@ian.barwise                                      # Stories by Ian Barwise on Medium
https://blog.logrocket.com/tag/typescript/feed/                           Software # Typescript
https://blog.logrocket.com/tag/react/feed/                                Software # React
https://write.as/thenewoil/feed/                                        # The New Oil

# Podcasts
http://feeds.soundcloud.com/users/soundcloud:users:261098918/sounds.rss # The Privacy, Security, & OSINT Show
https://surveillance-report.castos.com/feed                             # Surveillance Report
https://feed.podbean.com/enemyofsurveillance/feed.xml                   # Enemy of the [Surveillance] State
https://feeds.buzzsprout.com/1263722.rss                                # Unfettered Freedom
https://feeds.simplecast.com/rZ0cYk12                                   # Your Undivided Attention

# Softwares
https://github.com/beemdevelopment/Aegis/tags.atom                        Software # Aegis
https://github.com/caddyserver/caddy/tags.atom                            Software # caddy
https://github.com/metrodroid/metrodroid/tags.atom                        Software # metrodroid
https://github.com/twbs/bootstrap/tags.atom                               Software # bootstrap
https://github.com/veracrypt/VeraCrypt/tags.atom                          Software # VeraCrypt

# Peertube
https://peertube.sunknudsen.com/feeds/videos.xml?accountId=3              # Sun Knudsen
https://videos.lukesmith.xyz/feeds/videos.xml?accountId=3                 # Luke Smith
https://tube.privacytools.io/feeds/videos.xml?accountId=342               # Techlore
https://thinkerview.video/feeds/videos.xml                                # Thinkerview

# Youtube via invidious
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCSX0NhNdBA-ZnEFkYFzdw4A            Japanese # Dogen
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC4arQnli3ffEuCSrSgAD_Ug            Japanese # Osho Taigu’s Heart of Buddha
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC1kk8pmQ3Rg5DZtwOrpFDMA            Japanese # しょっぴん / SHOPPIN
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC59gHK7pW5W245V6ES9jQEQ            Japanese # コジコジのオタク文化 情報局
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCWGl1JQoX90LM8hRuRbdFDA            Japanese # 打首獄門同好会
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC59ZURfw529EQEE1gVUMSlw            Japanese # Learn Japanese with Manga
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCkRRvXs-Msk8elFSpMrhRRw            Japanese # kuro-obi world
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCkVLb5hTwgr1wrF-CSbfmqA            Japanese # hijiQuish channel
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC95PHJuPANJAg8btjUpMwvA            Japanese # からわかラボ
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC8TGHIsPBfnQXK39qXpPKZg            Japanese # あらいch★日本語勉強★
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC3C3YOGFjn7Pq3lOCeUFHfg            Japanese # 花江夏樹
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCcLwh0oGeEeV73UW5zglzig            Japanese # 日本語勉強チャンネル
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCciXXqGRO99KPhhrcaRfG-w            Japanese # BritVsJapan
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCpf4BknRWAjb_oYIHoMDGVg            Japanese # Matt vs. Japan
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCQFe3x4WAgm7joN5daMm5Ew            Japanese # Yoga MIA
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/playlist/PL5dP0ylcT42dJXN_5KJECJ8cI9hK690_e Japanese # IGN Japan: 【毎週火曜更新】しゃべりすぎGAMER
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/playlist/PL5dP0ylcT42fHfLjlooJwabm4XzdOCNcN Japanese # IGN Japan: 【毎週水曜・金曜更新】RTN（リアル・タイム・ニュース）
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/playlist/PL5dP0ylcT42fuRRKW8Iho4XAPx3wEiaOJ Japanese # IGN Japan: 【毎週木曜更新】銀幕にポップコーン

https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCy0tKL1T7wFoYcxCe0xjN6Q            # Technology Connections
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCbWcXB0PoqOsAvAdfzWMf0w            # Fredrik Knudsen
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCbpjIfPcfm8GaHBWzW7pQTw            # Be Memorable
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCDr2z-N5gwbG9I7MO4ImcMA            # Fabrice Epelboin
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCsXVk37bltHxD1rDPwtNM8Q            # Kurzgesagt – In a Nutshell
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC5eOLQO5VUEFJukNg9cl5jg            # Histoire Brève
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC5UAwBUum7CPN5buc-_N1Fw            # The Linux Experiment
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC6107grRI4m0o2-emgoDnAA            # SmarterEveryDay
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC7sXGI8p8PvKosLWagkK9wQ            # Heu?reka
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC7YOGHUfC1Tb6E4pudI9STA            # Mental Outlaw
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCaNlbnghtwlsGF-KzAFThqA            # ScienceEtonnante
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCBa659QWEk1AI4Tg--mrJ2A            # Tom Scott
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCbq4WwLfbhRxvyVYOTYU25g            # UnDropDansLaMare
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCcziTK2NKeWtWQ6kB5tmQ8Q            # e-penser
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCEp20NgOZHmgWdbQdHSxgjw            # This Does Not Compute
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCeR8BYZS7IHYjk_9Mh5JgkA            # Scilabus
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCGeFgMJfWclTWuPw8Ok5FUQ            # horizon-gull
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCh2YBKhYIy-_LtfCIn2Jycg            # Mr. Sam - Point d'interrogation
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCiaZZmZwBjKrcRv7aerHuyA            # KEYVAN KHOJANDI
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC_i-uMpN1lEyuoUGDq-dajQ            # Le Raptor
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCJ24N4O0bP7LGLBDvye7oCA            # Matt D'Avella
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCjFaPUcJU1vwk193mnW_w1w            # Modern Vintage Gamer
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCjr2bPAyPV7t35MvcgT3W8Q            # The Hated One
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCld68syR8Wi-GY_n4CaoJGA            # Brodie Robertson
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCMFcMhePnH4onVHt2-ItPZw            # Hygiène Mentale
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCnOuKKfBkvt2VsXcYSr8W2Q            # Trxns
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCOchT7ZJ4TXe3stdLW1Sfxw            # Dans Ton Corps
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCofQxJWd4qkqc7ZgaLkZfcw            # Linguisticae
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCOuIgj0CYCXCvjWywjDbauw            # Chat Sceptique
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCP46_MXP_WG_auH88FnfS1A            # Nota Bene
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCq-8pBMM3I40QlrhM9ExXJQ            # La Tronche en Biais
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCqYPhGiB9tkShZorfgcL2lA            # What I've Learned
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCsnGwSIHyoYN0kiINAGUKxg            # Wolfgang's Channel
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCt8ctlakIflnSG0ebFps7cw            # Histony
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCtqICqGbPSbTN09K1_7VZ3Q            # DirtyBiology
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCtyONQLs6htK-wWiCAk4wVw            # le Stagirite
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCU0FhLr6fr7U9GOn6OiQHpQ            # Officiel DEFAKATOR
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCu34Tq5qMR-FiTYwLyy9U6w            # Webosaures
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCWYxQt9Y3y2CDzXLf2K7xCA            # Lanterne Cosmique
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCyJDHgrsUKuWLe05GvC2lng            # Stupid Economics
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UC_yP2DpIgs5Y1uWC0T03Chw            # Joueur Du Grenier
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/channel/UCZxLew-WXWm5dhRZBgEFl-Q            # Le Vortex
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/playlist/PL43OynbWaTMJ1JjOc-7NrjgHaCu1Uz0US # France Inter: Constance
https://invidious.kavin.rocks/feed/playlist/PL43OynbWaTMJGbaP62OC7UUDqjdicUEFy # France Inter: Pablo Mira
